# Article Title
## Introduction
The introduction should be around 30-80 words. This is where you introduce what you’ll be teaching in the post. For example, *"In this post, you’ll learn how to add SMS notifications to your Python app using Twilio Programmable SMS and Twilio SendGrid."* You can also explain why this is an important solution or why it's relevant to the reader.

Throughout the article, the first time you mention a Twilio product, please use its official Twilio name (i.e. Twilio Programmable Voice), and link to its documentation page. 
## Prerequisites
The prerequisites section should be a short, bulleted list of any required tools, technologies, and skills required for the reader to complete the tutorial, with one intro sentence.

+ A free Twilio account
+ Required item 2 
+ Required item 3
+ Required item 4, etc.

## Building the app
This section is the primary body of your article and should be between 7 and 15 pages. It’s where you walk through exactly what it takes to build your app, step by step. Note: This section should be written in paragraph form and should not include bulleted or numbered lists of steps.
### Your subheading here
The body of your article can and should be broken down into smaller sections, delineated by subheadings that use the H3 header tag. 
### Your subheading here
Subsections can be broken down even further, delineated by subheadings that use the H4 header tag.
### Your subheading here
Within the body of your post, you should also include code, screenshots or images as necessary, and any other necessary information, warning, or danger notes.
## Testing, troubleshooting, or product demonstration
This testing and demonstration section can be a few sentences long. Explain how the reader can run the app and verify that it’s working.

If there are common gotchas or bugs, please also include how to troubleshoot. For example, remind the user a trial account can only send messages to verified numbers.
## Conclusion
This section should be 3-5 sentences. Summarize what the reader just accomplished and then provide a suggestion on what to do next. For example, should the reader visit any documentation or check out any related tutorials? Provide links.

*Conclude with a short bio, in italics, that describes you and your expertise in approximately 2-3 sentences. Use the third person. You can include a link to a website or your email address.*
